Add Azure support (#10114)
kubernetes/kops: docs/getting_started/azure.md

namespace for resources.

```bash
$ az group create --name kops-test --location eastus
{
  "id": "/subscriptions/7e232.../resourceGroups/kops-test",
  "location": "eastus",
  "managedBy": null,
  "name": "kops-test",
  "properties": {
    "provisioningState": "Succeeded"
  },
  "tags": null,
  "type": "Microsoft.Resources/resourceGroups"
}
```

Then create a storage account for the resource group. The storage
account provides an isolated namespace for all storage resources. The
name must be unique among across multiple different Azure accounts.

```bash
$ az storage account create --name kopstest --resource-group kops-test
```

Set the env var `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` to the storage account name for later use.

```bash
$ export AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT=kopstest
```

Get an access key of the account and set it in env var `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` for later use.

```bash
$ az storage account keys list --account-name kopstest
[
  {
    "keyName": "key1",
    "permissions": "Full",
    "value": "RHWWn..."
  },
  {
    "keyName": "key2",
    "permissions": "Full",
    "value": "..."
  }

]

$ export AZURE_STORAGE_KEY="RHWWn...“
```

> Then create a container.

Reviewer: hoping to avoid confusion with other containers and I found [this terminology](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-introduction#disk-storage) used so we could go with it.

```suggestion
Then create a blob container.
```

```bash
$ az storage container create --name cluster-configs
{
  "created": true
}
```

You can confirm that the container has been successfully created from

> Storage Exporter or by typing “az storage container list”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage Exporter or via `az storage container list`.
```

```bash
$ az storage container list --output table
Name             Lease Status    Last Modified
---------------  --------------  -------------------------
cluster-configs  unlocked        2020-10-06T21:12:36+00:00
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Set the env var `KOPS_STATE_STORE` to the container name URL using kOps' `azureblob://` protocol.
The URL may include a path within the container.
kOps stores all of its cluster configuration within this path.

```bash
export KOPS_STATE_STORE=azureblob://cluster-configs
```
```

The Github suggestion feature is botching my triple backticks above but you get the idea :)

## Step 3. Set up Credentials for kOps

> Type the following commands to generate credentials used for kOps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following commands to generate kOps credentials.
```

First, create a service principal in Active Directory.

```bash
$ az ad sp create-for-rbac --name kops-test --role owner --sdk-auth

{
  "clientId": "8c6fddb5...",
  "clientSecret": "dUFzX1...",
  "subscriptionId": "7e232...",
  "tenantId": "76253...",
  ...
}
```

Set corresponding env vars:

- Set `AZURE_TENANT_ID` to the `tenantId` of the output
- Set `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` to the `clienteId` of the output
- Set `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` to the `clientSecret` of the output.

```bash
$ export AZURE_TENANT_ID="76253..."
$ export AZURE_CLIENT_ID="8c6fddb5..."
$ export AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="dUFzX1..."
```

## Step 4. Run kOps Commands

> Type the following command to create cluster configs and push them to
> Azure blob storage. `--state` specifies the container where cluster
> configs are stored. The command line flags starting from `--azure-`
> are for Azure specific configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to create cluster configs in the blob container.
The command line flags prefixed with `--azure-` are for
Azure-specific configurations.
```

```bash
$ export KOPS_FEATURE_FLAGS=AlphaAllowAzure

$ kops create cluster \
  --cloud azure \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local \

>   --state azureblob://cluster-configs \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  --zones eastus-1 \
  --network-cidr 172.16.0.0/16 \
  --networking calico \
  --azure-subscription-id "${AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}" \
  --azure-tenant-id "${AZURE_TENANT_ID}" \
  --azure-resource-group-name kops-test \
  --azure-route-table-name kops-test \
  --azure-admin-user ubuntu
```

> We can confirm that config files are created in Blob storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirm that config files are created in Blob storage.
```

```bash
$ az storage blob list --container-name cluster-configs --output table
```

> Type the following command to build a k8s cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to preview the Azure resources
kOps will create for the k8s cluster.
```

> ```
> $ kops update cluster  \
>   --name my-azure.k8s.local \
>   --state azureblob://cluster-configs \
>   --yes
> ```

Reviewer: More triple backtick fun

```suggestion
\```
$ kops update cluster  \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local
\```

Now add the `--yes` flag to have kOps provision the resources
and create the cluster. This will also add a kubeconfig context
for the cluster.

\```
$ kops update cluster  \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local \
  --yes
\```

```

I don't recall, does `kops validate cluster` work? If so we should instruct users to use that, otherwise we should add a note saying "it may take a few minutes for the cluster's API server to become reachable" Finally we should have them `kubectl get namespaces` or something to confirm they can reach the API server.

Author: Sure, `kops validate cluster` is not working. Let me add the description.

```

Set the env var `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` to the storage account name for later use.

```bash
$ export AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT=kopstest
```

Get an access key of the account and set it in env var `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` for later use.

```bash
$ az storage account keys list --account-name kopstest
[
  {
    "keyName": "key1",
    "permissions": "Full",
    "value": "RHWWn..."
  },
  {
    "keyName": "key2",
    "permissions": "Full",
    "value": "..."
  }

]

$ export AZURE_STORAGE_KEY="RHWWn...“
```

Then create a blob container.

```bash
$ az storage container create --name cluster-configs
{
  "created": true
}
```

You can confirm that the container has been successfully created from
Storage Exporter or via `az storage container list`.

```bash
$ az storage container list --output table
Name             Lease Status    Last Modified
---------------  --------------  -------------------------
cluster-configs  unlocked        2020-10-06T21:12:36+00:00
```

Set the env var `KOPS_STATE_STORE` to the container name URL using kOps' `azureblob://` protocol.
The URL may include a path within the container.
kOps stores all of its cluster configuration within this path.

```bash

> export KOPS_STATE_STORE=azureblob://cluster-configs

Reviewer: this code block is missing the triple backticks "```"

Author: fixed!

$ export AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="dUFzX1..."
```

## Step 4. Run kOps Commands

Use the following command to create cluster configs in the blob container.
The command line flags prefixed with `--azure-` are for
Azure-specific configurations.

```bash
$ export KOPS_FEATURE_FLAGS=AlphaAllowAzure

$ kops create cluster \
  --cloud azure \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local \
  --zones eastus-1 \
  --network-cidr 172.16.0.0/16 \
  --networking calico \
  --azure-subscription-id "${AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}" \
  --azure-tenant-id "${AZURE_TENANT_ID}" \
  --azure-resource-group-name kops-test \
  --azure-route-table-name kops-test \
  --azure-admin-user ubuntu
```

Confirm that config files are created in Blob storage.

```bash
$ az storage blob list --container-name cluster-configs --output table
```

Use the following command to preview the Azure resources
kOps will create for the k8s cluster.

\```
$ kops update cluster  \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local
\```

Now add the `--yes` flag to have kOps provision the resources
and create the cluster. This will also add a kubeconfig context
for the cluster.

\```
$ kops update cluster  \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local \
  --yes

> \```

Reviewer: these code blocks arent working because of the `\` in front of the triple backticks

Author: fixed!

The command line flags prefixed with `--azure-` are for
Azure-specific configurations.

```bash
$ export KOPS_FEATURE_FLAGS=AlphaAllowAzure

$ kops create cluster \
  --cloud azure \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local \
  --zones eastus-1 \
  --network-cidr 172.16.0.0/16 \
  --networking calico \
  --azure-subscription-id "${AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}" \
  --azure-tenant-id "${AZURE_TENANT_ID}" \
  --azure-resource-group-name kops-test \
  --azure-route-table-name kops-test \
  --azure-admin-user ubuntu
```

Confirm that config files are created in Blob storage.

```bash
$ az storage blob list --container-name cluster-configs --output table
```

Use the following command to preview the Azure resources
kOps will create for the k8s cluster.

```bash
$ kops update cluster  \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local
```

Now add the `--yes` flag to have kOps provision the resources
and create the cluster. This will also add a kubeconfig context
for the cluster.

```bash
$ kops update cluster  \
  --name my-azure.k8s.local \
  --yes
```

It may take a few minutes for the cluster's API server to become
reachable. Please run basic kubectl commands like `kubectl get

> namespaecs` to verify the API server is reachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
namespaces` to verify the API server is reachable.
```
